for years Suzuki's GSXR 1000 has been a
staple Superbike at racetracks worldwide
considering his well rounded performance
and simple intelligent design it's been
the machine many racers choose to
compete on
the Suzuki it did everything well but
nothing exceptional
I felt the the GSXR was a little bit
more trim down and maybe not up to date
with these other bikes but own that you
still can't go wrong it's a strong
proven chassis and a lot of racers are
really successful on this bike so if you
just want a bare bone you know one
thousand this is ook you'll get the job
done it just does what it does and it
does what it does well but the other
bikes you really you can feel the the
upgrades I guess it's they're just
they're just better and Suzuki has great
engine and a great chassis but I just
feel that it's behind the other bikes
now it clearly beyond the other bikes
it's a bike that does everything pretty
well
in my opinion I fit my my size being
five seven I fit really good on that
bike I'm comfortable from side to side
out of any of the bikes here today that
being said it's still just kind of
lacking where some of these other bikes
are kind of standing out
the Suzuki just does everything good it
doesn't do anything wrong and I think
that when you look at how long this
models been out and and how many things
it does good I think the addition of a
quick shifter was nice I'm sure now that
they're in MotoGP we're going to see
some of that trickle-down effect and I'm
excited about what they're going to come
out with the laps I did on that were
nothing spectacular there they were too
good clean laps but again we're dealing
now with some newer technology and some
new things that are out there and
they're just a little bit better
it's just a really really fine-tuned
machine but in light of some of the
newer models it's showing its age in the
engine department like yeah it needs a
little bit more power yeah it could
handle a little bit sharper
I think if Suzuki kind of took care of
those small kind of things and we know
they're going to with their new GSXR
1000 that's coming out for 2016 but once
they can get that dialed they for sure
will have a competitor once again
like an old friend the Suzuki is one of
the easiest bikes to get up to speed on
in fact the only kink in his armor are
the fade prone front brakes but in the
face of the newer more recently updated
competition the GSXR is showing its age
as evident by its lap times so in this
contest
the Suzuki slots in fifth place